docs: updated fips page (#1491)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/12.5-vertex/00-fips/01-fips-compliant-components.md

## Management Plane

> All services in the management plane are FIPS compiled with Go using [BoringCrypto libraries](https://pkg.go.dev/crypto/internal/boring) and static linking. Refer to the [Spectro Cloud Cryptographic Module](https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/certificate/4349) to learn more.

Author: ```suggestion
All services in the management plane are FIPS compiled with Go using [BoringCrypto libraries](https://pkg.go.dev/crypto/internal/boring) and static linking. Refer to the [Spectro Cloud Cryptographic Module](https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/certificate/4349) resource to learn about our NIST certificate.
```
